# A Crowdfunding Campaign Prognostic Tool
##Project Summary
Over the last few years crowdfunding has become one of the major sources of capital for startup companies. No matter what the complexity or size of the project is, startups can use crowdfunding websites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo to present their innovative ideas and prototypes to the public. On the other hand, investors with all scales of budget can pre-order the products. As a person with firsthand experience in crowdfunding projects, I believe there are several factors affecting the success of a campaign other that the idea or the quality of the product. At any time, there are more than 15,000 live campaigns running on Kickstarter and Indiegogo and there are other websites that provide the same service as well. Therefore, it is really a challenging task to become noticeable among the huge crowd of projects. Other than advertisement, there are several tuning parameters that should be considered in order to increase the chance of success for a project, like the effect of the campaign duration, the number of tiers, the presence of a video, number of team members, etc. Furthermore, Indiegogo and Kickstarter have different policies regarding the completeness of the product, therefore, different campaign designs should be considered for each of them. In this work, a Crowdfunding Campaign Prognostic Tool will be designed that automatically reviews the draft of a campaign and suggests modifications that result in a higher probability of success.
##Data Sources
There is no official kickstarter API that provides the data from the campaigns. Therefore data should be scraped from the websited directly. 
